# NDFA
Neural Data-Flow Analysis: A tool for solving program data-flow analysis tasks using deep neural networks.

## Hierarchical code representation
It consists the implementation of the [Hierarchic Code Encoder](https://bit.ly/3vgzclc). The idea of the hierarchic model is to (i) shorten distances between related procedure's elements for effective information-propagation; (ii) utilize the effective paths-based information-propagation approach; (iii) scalability - efficiently support lengthy procedure; and (iv) provide a fine-grained exploration framework to identify the relevant elements/relations in the code's underlying structure that most benefit the model for the overall task. The procedure's code is being broken at the statement level to form the two-level hierarchic structure. The upper level consists control structures (loops, if-stmts, block-stmts), while the lower level consists of expression-statements / conditions. In fact, each statement in the lower-level is associated to a node in the procedure's statement-level CFG (control-flow graph). The hierarchic encoder first applies a *micro* operator to obtain a local encoding for each individual statement (CFG node), then it employs a *macro* operator to propagate information globally (between CFG nodes), then it updates the local encodings by mixing it with the *globally-aware* encodings of the related CFG nodes, and finally it employs the micro operator once again. The *micro* operator is the *local* independent encoder of the statements (statements are being encoded stand-alone in the first stage). We supply multiple options for the micro operator, including the followings: paths-based AST (w/wo *collapse* stage), TreeLSTM AST, GNN AST, AST leaves, flat tokens sequence. The *macro* operator is responsible for the *global* information propagation between CFG nodes. We supply the following macro operators: paths-based CFG, GNN over CFG, upper control AST (paths-based, GNN, TreeLSTM, leaves only), single sequence of CFG nodes (ordered by textual appearance in code), set of CFG nodes.
